🔮 Conclusion
Miller is likely right that
alignment as traditionally posed
is impossible. But RSVP implies:
Alignment is not a problem to be solved; it's a field to be sustained.
Would you like to sketch how RSVP-inspired institutions could use
negentropy buffers, long-range coherence, and scalar-vector coupling
to
approximate alignment
over decades or centuries?
You said:
How does it compare to World: Artificial ...

Amazon.ca
https://www.amazon.ca › Machines-Will-Never-Rule-W...
The book's core argument is that an artificial intelligence that could equal or exceed human intelligence―sometimes called artificial general intelligence ...
$65.54 · In stock
Why Machines Will Never Rule the World: Artificial ...

Routledge
https://www.routledge.com › Landgrebe-Smith › book
Why Machines Will Never Rule the World Artificial Intelligence without Fear. By Jobst Landgrebe, Barry Smith Copyright 2025. Paperback $43.99. Hardback $152.00.
US$43.99 · In stock · Free delivery · 14-day returns
Why Machines Will Never Rule the World (2nd edition).

PhilArchive
https://philarchive.org › rec › LANWMW-3
by J Landgrebe · 2025 · Cited by 132 — This is a revised and expanded second edition of Why Machines Will Never Rule the World. Its core argument remains the same: that an artificial intelligence (AI) ...
Why Machines Will Never Rule the World

taylorfrancis.com
https://www.taylorfrancis.com › books › mono › machin...
by J Landgrebe · Cited by 132 — This is a revised and expanded second edition of Why Machines Will Never Rule the World. Its core argument remains the same: that an ...
People also ask
Who gave the concept "Can machines think"?
Why will machines never rule the world second edition?
Is Why machines Learn a good book?
What is the theory of intelligent machines?
Feedback
Why Machines Will Never Rule the World: Artificial ...

Amazon.ca
https://www.amazon.ca › Machines-Will-Never-Rule-W...
This is a revised and expanded second edition of Why Machines Will Never Rule the World. Its core argument remains the same: that an artificial intelligence ...
$247.00 · In stock
Why Machines will Never Rule the World

PhilArchive
https://philarchive.org › archive › LANWMW-2
PDF
by J Landgrebe · 2022 · Cited by 132 — After more than 10 years in the AI industry, he has developed an exceptional understanding of the limits and potential of AI in the future. Barry Smith is one ...
Interview: Why Machines Will Never Rule the World

Cognotekt
https://cognotekt.com › interview-why-machines-will-n...
Dec 13, 2022 — I met my co-author Barry Smith due to my work in medical ontology. I have worked in Artificial Intelligence theory and practice for over 20 ...
Your Book Review: Why Machines Will Never Rule the World

Astral Codex Ten
https://www.astralcodexten.com › your-book-review-w...
Jun 2, 2023 — Landgrebe and Smith argue that the "mind-body continuum" is a complex system. It's a dynamic negentropy-hunter built out of feedback processes ...
Some results may have been delisted consistent with local laws. Learn more
1	
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next
Why Machines Will Never Rule the World: Artificial Intelligence Without Fear
Book by Barry Smith and Jobst Landgrebe
Book page preview 1 of 3. Click to open preview.
Book page preview 3 of 3. Click to open preview.
Preview · 46 pages
Read now



Kindle Store, Google Play Books, Kobo, WorldCat
Originally published
August 12, 2022
The book's core argument is that an artificial intelligence that could equal or exceed human intelligence—sometimes called artificial general intelligence (AGI)—is for mathematical reasons impossible. ... 
Google Books
ChatGPT said:
Here's a comparison between Geoffrey Miller's skepticism that
outer
and
inner alignment are unsolvable
, and the arguments of
Jobst Landgrebe & Barry Smith
in
Why Machines Will Never Rule the World
:
🔍 Miller vs.
Why Machines Will Never Rule the World
1.
